*** CLIENTS ***
(They all have the same password for convenience)

account_firstname: Basic
account_lastname: Client
account_email: basic@340.edu
account_password: I@mABas1cCl!3nt

account_firstname: Johnny
account_lastname: Test
account_email: test@340.edu
account_password: I@mABas1cCl!3nt

account_firstname: John
account_lastname: Doe
account_email: jhon@340.edu
account_password: I@mABas1cCl!3nt

account_firstname: Taichi
account_lastname: Yagami
account_email: tai@340.edu
account_password: I@mABas1cCl!3nt

account_firstname: Bell
account_lastname: Cranell
account_email: cranell@340.edu
account_password: I@mABas1cCl!3nt


*** EMPLOYEES ***
(They all have the same password for convenience)

account_firstname: Happy
account_lastname: Employee
account_email: happy@340.edu
account_password: I@mAnEmpl0y33

account_firstname: Tomiris
account_lastname: Rangu
account_email: tomiris@340.edu
account_password: I@mAnEmpl0y33

account_firstname: Senku
account_lastname: Ishigami
account_email: senku@340.edu
account_password: I@mAnEmpl0y33


*** ADMINS ***
(They all have the same password for convenience)

account_firstname: Manager
account_lastname: User
account_email: manager@340.edu
account_password: I@mAnAdm!n1strat0r

account_firstname: Zeus
account_lastname: Olympia
account_email: zeus@340.edu
account_password: I@mAnAdm!n1strat0r